
ers.exceptions.fileProcessingService.failedStream = Failed to stream the data from file
ers.exceptions.fileProcessingService.bulkEntity = Exception bulk entity streaming
ers.exceptions.fileProcessingService.stax = Exception STAX streaming
ers.exceptions.fileValidatorConnector.failedSendingData = Failed sending data
ers.exceptions.fileValidatorConnector.notFound = Submissions Service Not Found
ers.exceptions.fileValidatorConnector.badRequest = Submissions Service Bad Request
ers.exceptions.fileValidatorConnector.serviceUnavailable = Submissions Service Service Unavailable
ers.exceptions.fileValidatorConnector.sendSubmissions = Send submissions
ers.exceptions.dataParser.fileRetrievalFailed = Parser Exception couldn't retrieve row data
ers.exceptions.dataParser.parserFailure = Parser Failure
ers.exceptions.dataParser.fileParsingError = Error while Parsing File
ers.exceptions.dataParser.parsingOfFileData = Parsing of File Data
ers.exceptions.dataParser.incorrectSheetName = Incorrect ERS Template - Sheet Name isn''t as expected
ers.exceptions.dataParser.incorrectSchemeType = Incorrect ERS Template - Scheme Type isn''t as expected
ers.exceptions.dataParser.unidentifiableSheetName = Couldn''t identify SheetName
ers.exceptions.dataParser.incorrectHeader = Incorrect ERS Template - Header doesn''t match
ers.exceptions.dataParser.headersDontMatch = Header doesn''t match
ers.exceptions.dataParser.fileInvalid = File Invalid, formatting errors present
ers.exceptions.dataParser.validationFailure = Validation Failure
ers.exceptions.dataParser.configFailure = Failed to find the config file
ers.exceptions.dataParser.noData = The file that you chose doesn’t have any data after row 9. The reportable events data must start in cell A10.<br/><a href="https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/employment-related-securities">Use the ERS guidance documents</a> to help you create error-free files.

ers_check_csv_file.noData = The file that you chose doesn’t contain any data.<br/>You won’t be able to upload {0} as part of your annual return.
